[Music]
personal trainers are a great resource
when it comes to understanding how
exercise can affect our bodies but there
are some tips they may fail to tell you
here are just a few important things
you've probably never heard come out of
your fitness trainers mouth 10 don't
cram in workouts on a deadline great
you've decided to hit the gym and
workout just don't get upset if you
don't have rock-hard abs in a matter of
two weeks if you're kicking your fitness
game into high gear a month before
summer to get the perfect beach body
you're setting yourself up for
disappointment don't buy into those
infomercials you see on TV or the
fitness programs advertised on social
media promising a tight bod in just six
weeks it's a bunch of hogwash
even the 2004 study at the University of
wisconsin-la Crosse proved that the six
week bod is a crock the researchers
observed 25 average guys complete a six
week workout program consisting of
either three 20-minute cardio workouts
per week or three 30-minute
high-intensity strength training and
while this was really good for them and
they started feeling better in general
the guys didn't see much of a visible
change after six weeks just like
anything in life good things come to
those who wait if you're working out and
eating right consistently you should
start seeing results two to three months
into the game or even longer don't
overdo it 5 to 7 days a week at the gym
just to get ripped in time for that
beach party around the corner exercise
moderately and regularly with 3 power
workouts and 2 cardio sessions a week
and after sometime you'll start seeing a
change in the mirror 9 you won't become
a bodybuilder overnight if you're set on
getting a perfect round booty or arms
like the rocks you may want to rethink
some things did you know that 40 to 60
percent of a person's physical abilities
are determined by genetics
well at least that's what clinical
exercise specialist dr. Barbara Bushman
says she explains that while training
can affect the body and provide results
sometimes what you are aiming for just
isn't in the cards and you can thank
your DNA for that so keep that in mind
as you set fitness goals for yourself if
you're hoping to look as beefed-up as
some action movie hero you may be
disappointed when your body never quite
gets to that level just work hard stay
focused during your training sessions
and your body will get into its own best
form 8 you don't need a fitness trainer
by your side for every workout hiring a
personal trainer is a great idea they'll
teach you proper form and introduce you
to exercises that work best for your
body but you don't need to stand side by
side with a trainer month after month
that'd be like riding a bike with
training wheels long after you stopped
needing them after 5 to 7 sessions with
a personal trainer you should understand
how to complete your workouts and have
all your fitness questions answered by
that time your trainer should have
helped you figure out an effective diet
and exercise regimen for your personal
goals and seeing that you're doing
everything correctly some coaches might
not want to mention this because it
means less business for them but perhaps
it's time to spread those baby bird
wings and fly on your own you got this 7
sports nutrition is into the secret to a
rock and bod if your trainer or fellow
gym goers preach the magical powers of
sports nutrition take it with a grain of
salt if this stuff was effective as a
lot of people say it is then everyone
would be walking around looking like
Hulk Hogan well that'd be weird
Plus pushing these types of programs on
you is often incentivize meaning they'll
get paid whenever you buy the products
so you can't necessarily trust it
instead of spending money on expensive
sports nutrition plans focus on learning
some well-balanced recipes for healthy
meals you can cook yourself instead of
chowing down on fat burning powders and
supplements burn calories by working out
at the gym the good old-fashioned way
if you pair a well-balanced diet with a
regular exercise your body will become
bitter over time in a safe natural way 6
make peace with your cellulite I know
you and your cellulite are sworn enemies
that's you're just gonna have to get a
lot you might have been told that
getting rid of cellulite is something
within your control and that you can
eliminate for good but the truth is
between genetics and your general
disposition your cellulite isn't going
anywhere no matter what kinds of
workouts or diets you go on cellulite
doesn't just disappear forever but don't
stress about it this doesn't mean you
have to live with those annoying dips on
your thighs forever as long as you stay
physically fit and eat a healthy diet
you can make your cellulite less obvious
and remember a lot of people have
cellulite and it's not a reflection of a
so-called unhealthy lifestyle anyone can
have cellulite no matter what their
weight or body shape it all depends on
their genetics hormones and other
predisposing factors 5 your stomach can
look great without a 6-pack thanks to
the celebs we see in music videos TV and
movies it's easy to believe that having
a 6-pack is the golden standard when it
comes to flat tummies but you'll be glad
to hear this you can achieve a flat
pooch free stomach even without crazy ab
workouts at the gym
in fact some ab workouts when done
excessively can have the opposite effect
and make the waist appear wider for
example weighted side bends that
strengthen your obliques can actually
make your waistline look bigger
exercises like this aren't bad for you
or anything but if you're looking to get
a 6-pack with a smaller waist it's
important to ask your trainer what kind
of workouts you can do to achieve this
no just resort to doing a million
crunches ain't nobody got time for that
sorry for if you're a woman get ready
for more reps while this rule may not
seem fair there is scientific reasoning
behind it according to up Fitness comm
women who workout with increased tension
and frequent short breaks tend to see
more results than if they do longer reps
without rest that's because a woman's
body is programmed to resist over
straining itself that means instead of
using heavier weights women should use
less weight but with more reps men's
muscles on the other hand and withstand
more tension and more weight but need
longer rest in between reps to restore
their strength and energy Hey different
strokes for different folks three the
more you work out the more you should
eat that's right if you work out a lot
then you get to fill that blade up hey
now that doesn't mean you get to run to
the nearest beach a joy to stuff your
face with a big greasy pie after a
one-hour session the gym eating a
balanced diet of vegetables fruits
protein and healthy fats along with
moderate workouts should help you
maintain a healthy weight and if you're
looking to shed some pounds try to hold
off on eating one to two hours after
heavy-duty workouts but don't forget to
eat eventually it really is important if
you exercise without eating enough food
your body will actually slow down its
metabolism in an attempt to save energy
and that means you won't burn as many
calories too you can still get into
shape without hitting the gym with rent
bills and everyday expenses the added
expense of a gym membership can't seem
out of the question for a lot of people
but just because the gym isn't in your
budget doesn't mean you can't get in
shape there are all kinds of great
effective exercises you can do both
indoors and outdoors that give you the
same results as a gym would for example
hiking or going for a run can be great
alternatives to walking on the treadmill
and if you have access to some flights
of stairs like in your apartment
building or a local mall you can use
them instead of a Stairmaster you can
also do squats push-ups planks and other
strength training exercises on a mat
right at home so what's holding you back
now
one when it comes to exercising stick to
the basics when working with a personal
trainer
you'll probably be taught moves that are
trending in the fitness world but they
often isolate one muscle group and don't
give you as good of a workout more often
than not people see the best results by
sticking to the basic moves like lunges
planks deadlifts squats and push-ups
this doesn't mean you should never do
isolated exercises though just be sure
to cover the basics and mix in some new
moves every now and then after some time
you'll get to know what moves work best
for you for example you may find that
lunges really help round out your whole
butt and that squats only help you beef
up the top of it just do whatever helps
you reach your goal which of these
fitness tips do you think is the most
helpful let everybody know in the
comments below don't forget to give this
video a like share it with your friends
and click subscribe to always stay on
the bright side of life
[Music]